DTCL Vesrion 1.5
. Added verifcation after Write for D1,D2,D3
. Write for D2 and D3 is performed on byte count in header
. After Write Read is performed and Compared, if Compare sucess then Write is declared sucess

DTCL Vesrion 1.6 - Firmware Version 1.0
. Corrected byte calculations for spj and rwr
. Added Exit Button as closing is not properly killing the process
. Added browse path to seletct mps folder
. Added pending files for D3 in Gui as well as Firmware
. Added Version number for firmaware in firmware as well as GUI
. Added secret button on swave logo to read firmware version
. Added Firware(.elf) to setup file, so that it is installed along with GUI
. Actual GUI version is displayed as V1.0 as per customer request
. Added utilities for D3, which will read header information and display
. Writing for D3 files will be based on checking the header information.
. Tested on target

DTCL Vesrion 1.7 - Firmware Version 1.2
. Added Loopback command in firmware, loopback between led2 -TP1 and Led3-TP2
. Bug fix for loopback command in GUI
. corrected names in performance check log
. added loopback test to include in with cartridge tests

DTCL Vesrion 1.7 - Firmware Version 1.2
. Bug Fix for D2 Header check

DTCL Vesrion 1.9 - Firmware Version 1.2
. Bug Fix for below comments 
  . Command buttons  should appear after detecting cartridge insertion
  . The screen below shown is without introducing the cartridge. 
    The user can press command so you have to indicate in the current status 
    “ insert cartridge for command initiation” please remove all the command button
  .  Remove help use CNT D for DCTL Version and checksum and CNT G FOR DTCL GUI VERSION AND CHECKSUM    
  .  When we press exit popup window should say “ do you want to exit, confirm” message should come
  .  During performance check  without cartridge test I can do, but if I press cnt p key pc command is not coming
  .  In performance check below mentioned box should be given for entering text
  .  During pc command current status window is not appearing. Execution is progress do not introduce or remove cartridge
  .  Change the exit button color from red to blue 
  . Change the button font size and current status font size 
  . During pc command if I select    with cartridge option and cartridge is not present pop up window should come saying insert cartridge
  . During pc command if I select without cartridge option and if cartridge is present pop up window should come saying remove cartridge
  . During pc with cartridge option only erase write read button should present hide copy compare button
  . During pc command selection without cartridge option hide all command button.

DTCL Vesrion 2.1 - Firmware Version 1.2
. Total Design change
. Added seperate class for trasport and cartridges
. used oops concepts
. Modified entire Header info display for d2 and d3.

DTCL Vesrion 2.2 - Firmware Version 1.2
. changed copy and compare implementation
. Known Issue, read and write block will not work for D2
. bug fixed for header check for d2 and d3
. Interchanged spj and rwr for d2 and d3, to be check again with respect to doc
. D2, D3 check header to be verified again.

DTCL Vesrion 2.3 - Firmware Version 1.4
. Added new feature to write download files in D2
. Added power recycle in case of failue in CF in firmware

DTCL Vesrion 2.5 - Firmware Version 1.5
. Added new feature to write download files in D3, in firmware and GUI
. corrcted loopback failure
. Changed fpl word count from 15 to 21 for download, not sure why its 15 in old dps
. removed green led on option after power on
. power on green led only if cart is detected, its done via GUI not firmware
. Darin-1 padding zeros

DTCL Vesrion 2.6 - Firmware Version 1.5
. minor GUI fix for D3 download

DTCL Vesrion 2.7- Firmware Version 1.5
. Performance Check chnaged for D2 and D3 to use DR.bin
. added system do events in maintimer for minimize issue
. fix for writing download files for D2 and D3

DTCL Vesrion 2.8- Firmware Version 1.5
. Removed system do events in maintimer this is causing problems
. Main timer interval increased to 1000ms for minimize issue

DTCL Vesrion 3.0- Firmware Version 1.8
. Fixed Format Issue for other cartridges in firmware
. Add performance check status indicator in GUI
. Fixed bugs related for displaying currect button status
Known Issue:
. Green Led is not working after Foramt, to be corrected in next version

DTCL Vesrion 3.1- Firmware Version 1.8
. Fixed D2 copy Issue
. Fixed Comapre message issue if cart is blank
. Added New Buttons "Old Log", "Confirm Log"
. Disbaled entry of PC test details by default, only enabled if "New Log" is  clicked
. New Log will be created if "Confirm Log" button is clicked
. All Pop Up Messages are moved into "PopUpMessages.txt" file, located in same installation path as GUI
  - User must not delete or introduce new messages.
  - User can modify only existing messages.

DTCL Vesrion 3.2- Firmware Version 1.8
. Changed bit position of RWR to 4 and spj to 5 as per planning data
. Bit positions also changed in Message_Records.txt file
. New fields added for maximum number of nob for each message.

DTCL Vesrion 3.3- Firmware Version 1.9
. Fixed power cycle issue for D3
. NOB for incomkey changed to 35

DTCL Vesrion 3.6- Firmware Version 1.9
. Added Muktiple Unit testing window with required featrures

DTCL Vesrion 4.0- Firmware Version 1.9
. Added Muktiple Unit testing window with required featrures as per doc

DTCL Vesrion 7.1- Firmware Version 3.1
. removed multi unit code, minor fixes


  